Genart review (#94)
oauthstuff/draft-oauth-rar: main.md

# Introduction {#Introduction}

> The OAuth 2.0 authorization framework [@!RFC6749] defines the "scope" parameter that allows OAuth clients to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OAuth 2.0 authorization framework [@!RFC6749] defines the `scope` parameter that allows OAuth clients to
```

Author: the review specifically suggested that scope be quoted, which the tick syntax doesn't do.

Reviewer: We're putting other parameter names like `authorization_details` in ticks, and so this should probably be consistent since it's the same level of item, thus my change. The transformation to plain text is :supposed: to make that a quoted string in output, but I've seen that fail in some weird ways depending on the version of the document toolchain, so we might be seeing an artifact based on which version the reviewer was referencing.

Author: Yes and whatever toolchain is doing this one is not https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-oauth-rar-16 quoting. I was just trying to get though this review with as little hassle as possible. So used some quotes. But I don't actually care.

# Request parameter "authorization_details" {#authz_details}

The request parameter `authorization_details` contains, in JSON notation, an array of objects. Each JSON object contains the data to specify the authorization requirements for a certain type of resource. The type of resource or access requirement is determined by the `type` field, which is defined as follows:

`type`:

> :   The authorization_details type as a string. The value of the `type` field determines the allowable contents of the object which contains it. This field is REQUIRED. Note that the type value is a unique-key in the context of an AS.

Author: ```suggestion
:   The authorization details type as a string. The value of the `type` field determines the allowable contents of the object which contains it. This field is REQUIRED. Note that the type value is a unique-key in the context of an AS.
```

> :   The authorization details type as a string. The value of the `type` field determines the allowable contents of the object which contains it. This field is REQUIRED. Note that the type value is a unique-key in the context of an AS.

Reviewer: We don't define "unique-key" here or what that really means elsewhere and I think this could be ambiguous. IE: Does it mean you can send only one instance of one "type" in a request? (No)

```suggestion
:   An identifier for the authorization details type as a string. The value of the `type` field determines the allowable contents of the object which contains it and is unique for the described API in the context of the AS. This field is REQUIRED.
```

Author: was trying to address this from the review: 

> Minor issues:
> 
> Section 2: What does "The AS MUST ensure that there is no collision 
> between different authorization details types that it supports." mean? 
> How is this a 2119 requirement? I _think_ you're trying to point out 
> that the authorization_details string is a unique-key at any AS and that 
> that has consequences on the API _designer_, but I don't know what is 
> expected of an AS coder here. Some clearer words are needed.

Author: and deleted "The AS MUST ensure... " line below.

Author: Also went with your  "An identifier for the" suggesting, which has outdated this.

Author: Fuck, I misread your suggestion. Sorry, I'm tired (and tired or RAR). It's a good suggestion. I'll incorporate.

Author: [7686b00](https://github.com/oauthstuff/draft-oauth-rar/pull/94/commits/7686b00d164d1753b6ab279ecec09b28617dda10) does it.

> :   The authorization details type as a string. The value of the `type` field determines the allowable contents of the object which contains it. This field is REQUIRED. Note that the type value is a unique-key in the context of an AS.

Author: ```suggestion
:   An identifier for the the authorization details type as a string. The value of the `type` field determines the allowable contents of the object which contains it. This field is REQUIRED. Note that the type value is a unique-key in the context of an AS.
```

> :   An identifier for the the authorization details type as a string. The value of the `type` field determines the allowable contents of the object which contains it. This field is REQUIRED. Note that the type value is a unique-key in the context of an AS.

Author: ```suggestion
:   An identifier for the authorization details type as a string. The value of the `type` field determines the allowable contents of the object which contains it and is unique for the described API in the context of the AS. This field is REQUIRED.
```

Author: @jricher 's suggestion again
